Update token-manager.mdx (#1147)
axelarnetwork/axelar-docs: src/pages/dev/send-tokens/interchain-tokens/token-manager.mdx

For each cross-chain transaction that goes through ITS the `flowIn` & `flowAmount` amount are increased to track the [inflow](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/interchain-token-service/blob/main/contracts/TokenHandler.sol#L51) and [outflow](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/interchain-token-service/blob/main/contracts/TokenHandler.sol#L120) of tokens. To [set](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/interchain-token-service/blob/main/contracts/token-manager/TokenManager.sol#L167) the `flowLimit` of a given token the caller must be a registered [flowLimiter](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/interchain-token-service/blob/main/contracts/utils/RolesConstants.sol#L13). 

> More info on `flowLimits` can be found [here](/dev/send-tokens/interchain-tokens/rate-limit/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on `flowLimit`s, see [Flow Limit in Interchain Token Service
](/dev/send-tokens/interchain-tokens/flow-limit/)
```

Reviewer: Rate limit doc no longer exists, should be flow limit doc. Redirect update in https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-docs/pull/1149
